<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook V3.1//EN">

<refentry id="coffee">

 <refmeta>
  <refentrytitle>coffee</refentrytitle>
   <manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
 </refmeta>

 <refnamediv>
  <refname>coffee</refname>
   <refpurpose>Control the networked coffee machine</refpurpose>
 </refnamediv>

 <refsynopsisdiv>
  <cmdsynopsis>
   <command>coffee</command>
    <arg choice="opt">
     <option>-s|--scorch</option>
    </arg>
    <arg choice="opt">
     <option>-b|--blend <replaceable>blend</replaceable></option>
    </arg>
    <arg choice="req">
     <option><replaceable>num_cups</replaceable></option>
    </arg>
  </cmdsynopsis>
 </refsynopsisdiv>

 <refsect1 id="descrip">
  <title>
   Description
  </title>

  <para>
   <command>coffee</command> sends a request to the remote coffee 
   machine (usually the device <filename>/dev/cfpt0</filename>) to 
   initiate a brew cycle to create <userinput>num_cups</userinput>
   of coffee. It assumes the device is turned on and that the water 
   and bean reservoirs have sufficient stocks actually to complete 
   the brew cycle. For those who prefer GNU's long options, they are 
   supplied.
  </para>
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
   Options
  </title>

  <para>
   <userinput>-s|--scorch</userinput>
  </para>

  <para>
   Scorch the coffee.  Rather than waiting for the brewed 
   coffee to age and oxidize on the warming plate, the freshly 
   brewed coffee is piped through a super-heating device, 
   effectively simulating the flavor of 6 oz. of liquid coffee 
   that has been left on the burner for 2 hours.
  </para>
  
  <para>
   <userinput>-b|--blend</userinput>
  </para>

  <para>
   Specify the blend of coffee to be brewed. 
   <userinput>blend</userinput>
   is one of <userinput>regular</userinput>, 
   <userinput>costarican</userinput>, 
   <userinput>java</userinput>, or <userinput>decaf</userinput>.  
   If <userinput>blend</userinput> is not specified, the default 
   <userinput>regular</userinput> (blech) is assumed.
  </para>
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
   Files
  </title>

  <variablelist>
   <varlistentry>
    <term>
     <filename>/dev/cfpt0</filename>
    </term>
    <listitem><para>
     The default coffee machine.  Large installations may have 
     multiple coffee machines, specified as 
     <filename>/dev/cfpt[0-15]</filename>.
    </para></listitem>
   </varlistentry>

   <varlistentry>
    <term>
     /dev/expr0
    </term>
    <listitem><para>
     The espresso machine.  Usually only in the boss's office. 
     Large installations having multiples bosses may have multiple 
     machines, specified as <filename>/dev/expr[0-15]</filename>.
    </para></listitem>
   </varlistentry>
  </variablelist>
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
   Environment
  </title>

  <variablelist>
   <varlistentry>
    <term>
     <envar>CF_BLEND</envar>
    </term>
    <listitem><para>
     Set this variable to your preferred 
     <userinput>blend</userinput>.  Equivalent to <command>coffee -b 
     <envar>$CF_BLEND</envar></command>.
    </para></listitem>
   </varlistentry>

   <varlistentry>
    <term>
     <envar>CF_SCORCH</envar>
    </term>
    <listitem><para>
     Set this variable if you prefer scorched coffee by default.  
     Equivalent to <command>coffee -s</command>.  
    </para></listitem>
   </varlistentry>
  </variablelist
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
    Diagnostics
  </title>
  
  <para>
   None.  This section is here for illustration purposes only.
  </para>
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
   See Also
  </title>
  <para>
   <command>creamer(1)</command>, <command>grind(1)</command>,
   <command>sweetener(1)</command>
  </para>
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
   Notes
  </title>

  <para>
   If there were any notes, they would go here.
  </para>
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
   Author
  </title>

  <para>Kurt Wall <ulink url="mailto:kwall@kurtwerks.com">
   kwall@kurtwerks.com</ulink>
  </para>
 </refsect1>

 <refsect1>
  <title>
   Bugs
  </title>

  <para>
   You may have to get up out of your chair if the whole bean 
   repository is empty.  Multiple successive requests queued 
   to the same device can cause overflow.  Taking the last cup 
   of coffee without starting a new pot is a blight upon your 
   soul and condemns you to everlasting damnation.  
  </para>
 </refsect1>

</refentry>
